feat: aztec-cli unbox "really empty box" (#2388)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: yarn-project/boxes/blank/README.md

This is a minimal [Aztec](https://aztec.network/) Noir smart contract and frontend bootstrapped with [`aztec-cli unbox`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/tree/master/yarn-project/cli). It is recommended you use the `aztec-cli unbox blank` command so that the repository is copied with needed modifications from the monorepo subpackage.

## Setup

Dependencies can be installed from the root of the package:

```bash
yarn
yarn install:noir
yarn install:sandbox
yarn build
```

> This sandbox requires [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to be installed _and running_ locally. In the event the image needs updating, you can run `yarn install:sandbox` (see [sandbox docs](https://aztec-docs-dev.netlify.app/dev_docs/getting_started/sandbox) for more information.)

Reviewer: The url will change. Remember to update it after official release.

> In addition to the usual javascript dependencies, this project requires `nargo` (package manager) and `noir` (Aztec ZK smart contract language) in addition to `@aztec/aztec-cli`.  The former are installed within `yarn install:noir` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the usual javascript dependencies, this project requires `nargo` (package manager) and `noir` (a Domain Specific Language for SNARK proving systems) in addition to `@aztec/aztec-cli`.  The former are installed within `yarn install:noir` 
```

## Getting started

> After `yarn build` has run,`yarn start:sandbox` in one terminal will launch a local instance of the Aztec sandbox via Docker Compose and `yarn start:dev` will launch a frontend app for deploying and interacting with an empty Aztec smart contract.

Reviewer: Can actually skip `yarn build`.

At this point, [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) should provide a minimal smart contract frontend.

This folder should have the following directory structure:

```
|— README.md
|— package.json
|— src
       index.html
       index.ts
       |— contracts
              |— src
                     | The Noir smart contract source files are here.
                     |— main.nr - the cloned noir contract, your starting point
                     |- interface.nr - autogenerated from main.nr when you compile
               |— Nargo.toml [Noir build file, includes Aztec smart contract dependencies]
       |— artifacts
              |  These are both generated from `contracts/` by the compile command
              |— test_contract.json

>               |— test_token.ts

Reviewer: Should update the file names.
